Simplified auth state serialization for BWAs (#32799)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/security/server/index.md

To inspect the Blazor framework's Identity components, access them in the `Pages` and `Shared` folders of the [`Account` folder in the Blazor Web App project template (reference source)](https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/tree/main/src/ProjectTemplates/Web.ProjectTemplates/content/BlazorWeb-CSharp/BlazorWeb-CSharp/Components/Account).

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range=">= aspnetcore-9.0"

<!-- REVIEWER NOTE

It looks like the BWA + OIDC sample apps will be adopting 
the new API. If so, I'll take care of that closer to 
release, probably in the RC time frame. Let me know if

> I'm incorrect on this.

Reviewer: That's the plan. Thanks!

To address this, the best approach is to perform authentication within the ASP.NET Core authentication system. The client-side authentication state provider only takes care of reflecting the user's authentication state. Examples for how to accomplish this with authentication state providers are demonstrated by the Blazor Web App project template and described below.

:::moniker-end

:::moniker range=">= aspnetcore-9.0"

In the server project's `Program` file, call `AddAuthenticationStateSerialization`, which serializes the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Components.Authorization.AuthenticationState> returned by the server-side <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Components.Authorization.AuthenticationStateProvider> using the [Persistent Component State service](xref:blazor/components/prerender#persist-prerendered-state) (<xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Components.PersistentComponentState>):

```csharp
builder.Services.AddRazorComponents()
    .AddInteractiveWebAssemblyComponents()
    .AddAuthenticationStateSerialization();
```

> By default, these APIs only serialize the server-side name and role claims for access in the browser. To include all claims, set `SerializeAllClaims` to `true` in the server-side call to `AddAuthenticationStateSerialization`:

Author: ```suggestion
By default, the API only serializes the server-side name and role claims for access in the browser. To include all claims, set `SerializeAllClaims` to `true` in the server-side call to `AddAuthenticationStateSerialization`:
```
